README.md, before:

# Tip Calculator

This is a solution to the [Tip calculator app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/tip-calculator-app-ugJNGbJUX). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Calculate the correct tip and total cost of the bill per person

### Screenshot

![Mobile version screenshot](./mobile-screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: [https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-using-svelte-JCbx2hGM3-](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-using-svelte-JCbx2hGM3-)
- Live Site URL: [https://tip-calculator-flax-three.vercel.app/](https://tip-calculator-flax-three.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Tailwind CSS
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/)

### What I learned

I learned how to use Svelte, which was one of the primary goals of taking on this project.

### Continued development

Setting up UI tests using [Testing Libary](https://testing-library.com/)

### Useful resources

- [Svelte interactive tutorial](https://learn.svelte.dev/tutorial/welcome-to-svelte)
- [Client-side form validation MDN Article](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Form_validation) - A good referrence since I carried out manual form validation in this project.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Mirror83](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)

Commit message:

Update README with notice about the Frontend Mentor Solution URL
Added a notice about a different implementation using React.

README.md, after:

# Tip Calculator

This is a solution to the [Tip calculator app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/tip-calculator-app-ugJNGbJUX). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Calculate the correct tip and total cost of the bill per person

### Screenshot

![Mobile version screenshot](./mobile-screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: [https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-using-svelte-JCbx2hGM3-](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-using-svelte-JCbx2hGM3-)
  
  **Notice** This Frontend Mentor solution has been recently edited to point to a [different implementation done using React](https://https://github.com/Mirror83/tip-calculator-react).
- Live Site URL: [https://tip-calculator-flax-three.vercel.app/](https://tip-calculator-flax-three.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Tailwind CSS
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/)

### What I learned

I learned how to use Svelte, which was one of the primary goals of taking on this project.

### Continued development

Setting up UI tests using [Testing Libary](https://testing-library.com/)

### Useful resources

- [Svelte interactive tutorial](https://learn.svelte.dev/tutorial/welcome-to-svelte)
- [Client-side form validation MDN Article](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Form_validation) - A good referrence since I carried out manual form validation in this project.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Mirror83](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
